[feature] Custom span command (#1580)
DataDog/datadog-ci: src/commands/span/README.md

# span command

Report a custom span to Datadog with name, start / end time or duration, tags and measures.

## Usage

```bash
datadog-ci span [--name <name>] [--start-time <ms>] [--end-time <ms>] [--duration <ms>] [--tags] [--measures] [--dry-run]
```

For example:

```bash
datadog-ci span --name "Say Hello" --duration 800 --tags responded-hello-too:true
```

- `--name` is a human-friendly name for the reported span.
- `--start-time` the span start time in milliseconds.
- `--end-time` the span end time in milliseconds.

> - `--duration` is the duration of the span in milliseconds. If duration is provided instead of `--start-time` and `--end-time`, the end time will be the current time when executing the command (note that this method is less precise than using start / end times since launching the datadog-ci process takes some overhead).

Reviewer: LGTM, thanks for following up and helping to clarify!

- `--tags` is an array of key-value pairs with the format `key:value`. These tags are added to the custom span.
    The resulting dictionary is merged with what is in the `DD_TAGS` environment variable. If a `key` appears both in `--tags` and `DD_TAGS`, the value in `DD_TAGS` takes precedence.
- `--measures` is an array of key-value pairs with the format `key:value`. These measures are added to the custom span.
    The `value` must be a number.
- `--dry-run` (default: `false`) runs the command without sending the custom span. All other checks are performed.

#### Environment variables

Additionally you might configure the `span` command with environment variables:

> - `DD_API_KEY` (**required**): API key used to authenticate the requests.

Reviewer: Is this only required if the user decides to configure the span command with environment variables?

Author: This is the same configuration as the trace command [here](https://github.com/DataDog/datadog-ci/blob/master/src/commands/trace/README.md#environment-variables) and it is the only way to pass the key so it is always required

Reviewer: Thanks for confirming. Since the preceding sentence uses `might`, it sounds like this might not be required in all cases.

# Span command

Report a custom span to Datadog with name, start and end time (or duration), tags, and measures.

## Usage

```bash
datadog-ci span [--name <name>] [--start-time <ms>] [--end-time <ms>] [--duration <ms>] [--tags] [--measures] [--dry-run]
```

For example:

```bash
datadog-ci span --name "Say Hello" --duration 800 --tags responded-hello-too:true
```

- `--name` is a human-readable name for the reported span.

> - `--start-time` the span start time in milliseconds.

Reviewer 2: is this unix time in ms? Do we want to specify this? Or ms since the unix epoch or something of the sort. 

It might also be interested to support ISO 8601, but that can be done later

Author: Done 👍

- `--end-time` the span end time in milliseconds.
- `--duration` is the duration of the span in milliseconds. If duration is provided instead of `--start-time` and `--end-time`, the span end time is the current time when executing this command. This method is less precise than using start and end times since launching the datadog-ci process requires some time.
- `--tags` is an array of key-value pairs with the format `key:value`. These tags are added to the custom span.
    The resulting dictionary is merged with the contents of the `DD_TAGS` environment variable. If a `key` appears both in `--tags` and `DD_TAGS`, the value in `DD_TAGS` takes precedence.
- `--measures` is an array of key-value pairs with the format `key:value`. These measures are added to the custom span.
    The `value` must be a number.
- `--dry-run` (default: `false`) runs the command without sending the custom span. All other checks are performed.

#### Environment variables

> You can also configure the `span` command with environment variables:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `DD_API_KEY` environment variable is required for the `span` command. You can also set tags and the Datadog site:
```
